Psalm 129 a song of a sense many a time
Psalm 129 a song of a sense many a time they have afflicted me from my youth let
they have afflicted me from my youth let
they have afflicted me from my youth let Israel now say many a time they have
Israel now say many a time they have
Israel now say many a time they have afflicted me from my youth yet they have
afflicted me from my youth yet they have
afflicted me from my youth yet they have not prevailed against me the plowers
not prevailed against me the plowers
not prevailed against me the plowers plowed on my back
plowed on my back
plowed on my back they made their Faraz long the Lord is
they made their Faraz long the Lord is
they made their Faraz long the Lord is righteous he has cut in pieces the
righteous he has cut in pieces the
righteous he has cut in pieces the chords of the wicked let all those who
chords of the wicked let all those who
chords of the wicked let all those who hate Zion be put to shame and turned
hate Zion be put to shame and turned
hate Zion be put to shame and turned back let them be as the grass on the
back let them be as the grass on the
back let them be as the grass on the housetops which withers before it grows
housetops which withers before it grows
housetops which withers before it grows up with which the Reaper does not fill
up with which the Reaper does not fill
up with which the Reaper does not fill his hand nor he who binds sheaves his
his hand nor he who binds sheaves his
his hand nor he who binds sheaves his arms neither let those who pass by them
arms neither let those who pass by them
arms neither let those who pass by them say the blessing of the Lord be upon you
say the blessing of the Lord be upon you
say the blessing of the Lord be upon you we bless you in the name of the Lord